docs: add externalId in pre-filled form (#26)
inlineapps/docs: integrations/web-booking-form.md

        "id": "-eEDSsdxwewcwwd",
        "time": 1675062040694
      },

>       "externalId": 'A123' // The external id, the merchant can define their own meaning, only support in food ordering

Reviewer: How about more clear describe "their own meaning"?

```suggestion
      "externalId": 'A123' // Only support in food ordering, if you want to record a relation between inline order with your system, you can define the externalId
```

Author: updated
